# RigCee
Select as Import armature your imported armature you want to rig the Target armature.

### Import armature
The Import armature must be a fully weighted rig.

### Taget armature
The Taget armature must have no meshes. 
Use the Mr. Mannaequin tools rigging template for example, but only add the Armature and control bones, uncheck the other options.

### Import start bone
The central start bone in the Import armature, the bone corresponding with the pelvis. (not the root bone)

### Target start bone
The central start bone in the Target armature, should be 'pelvis' for the unreal armature. (not the root bone)

### Bone mapping file
Export and import the bone mapping to and from a json file.

**The filename is saved in the presets but you must explicitly import the file after loading a preset.**

The bone mapping itself is not part of the settings.

### Rename bones
This is the first action to execute, this will rename the bones in the Import armature the mapped bone name in the Target armature.

## Tools Panel
The actions in this panel will typically need to be execute top to bottom.
All these actions require that the Rename bones step has been done succesully.

### Merge unmapped to parent
This will merge the weights of all unmapped bones to the first mapped ancester bone found.

### Match bone roll
Copies the bone roll of the Target armature to the Import armature

### Match pose
Copies the pose of the Import armature to the Target armature

### Swap Rigs
Reparents the meshes of the Import armature to the Target amrature and transfers the weights.

### Remove help rig
**you only need to do this action if you used the Mr Mannequin tools template rig**
This will replace the blender rigging skeleton with the correct unreal skeleton, i.e. the 'DEF_*' bones.

### Exporting to unreal
You can now delete the Import armature fromt he scene, it is no longer needed.

## Using the Unreal Engine addon
Select the Target armature and open the Unreal Engine pane.
Set Export type to recursive in Object properties.
Choose 'custom reference' in Skeleton search mode.

**Save(as) the blender file**

Open the Export process panel. Check potential errors fix if needed and export for Unreal Engine.

In Unreal Engine, choose 'execute python script' and browse to the import scripts generated by the Unreal Engine addon.
